[Security] Documented CustomUserMessageAccountStatusException (#13822)
symfony/symfony-docs: security/user_checkers.rst

defines two methods called ``checkPreAuth()`` and ``checkPostAuth()`` to
perform checks before and after user authentication. If one or more conditions

> are not met, an exception should be thrown which extends the
> :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\CustomUserMessageAccountStatusException`,
> :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AccountStatusException`
> or :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AuthenticationException`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not met, an exception should be thrown which extends
:class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\AccountStatusException`. The
:class:`Symfony\\Component\\Security\\Core\\Exception\\CustomUserMessageAccountStatusException`
allows you to customize the errors directly::
```

Or the like. My main points: we should not mention `AuthenticationException` as it's causing wrong behavior and you shouldn't throw an exception that extends `CustomUserMessageAccountStatusException` - you should just use the class directly.
